deep squat heals on the ground is not up
to genetics if you have a functioning
body the ability to do this is totally
possible the first step is increasing
your ankle Mobility I like to do 30
seconds of a calf stretch with a
straight leg and then 30 seconds of a
Soleus stretch which is a bent knee over
time your ankle Mobility will increase
but for some people increasing that
ankle Mobility actually hurts or is
impossible so instead of having a narrow
stance that focuses on ankle Mobility go
to a wider stance from a standing
position you can get into a wide horse
stance and push your knees out to the
side and rock back and forth 30 seconds
is where you start then you'll do
another 30 seconds of a butterfly
stretch emphasize pushing the knees down
toward the floor or if you have flexible
hamstrings already you can work on your
pancake stretch which will also help
with your deep squat so in short if you
can't do this do this instead and since
you're already working on your inner
thigh flexibility you might as well work
up to your middle split stay flexy